Make foremanctl customizations visible (#4803)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_customize-the-installation.adoc

[id="customize-the-installation"]
= Customize the installation

[role="_abstract"]

> You can enable additional features on {ProjectServer}, such as {Insights} integration, pull-based transport for remote execution, and HTTP proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable additional features on {ProjectServer}, such as {Insights} integration, pull-based transport for remote execution, or the usage of HTTP proxies.
```

You do not run the HTTP proxy on Foreman itself, but you can make Foreman or Foreman+Katello use an HTTP proxy to sync content or connect to certain hosts such as EC2.

While you can configure these features after the initial setup, you can also configure many of them during the installation by using the corresponding `{foremanctl-installer}` options.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Please drop the trailing whitespace.
